Welcome back for another 5 minute movie recap.
Today, I'm going to give you an overview of
the 2008 American horror film called 'The
Midnight Meat Train'.
The film is based on Clive Barker's 1984 short
story of the same name.
There will be Spoilers ahead, so please proceed
with caution.
Leon wants to take photos of the city in a
distinct, gritty manner.
He's devastated when gallery owner Susan isn't
impressed by his audacity and doesn't give
him his big break.
After regaining his confidence, he sets out
into the city's underground system at night,
where he photographs an attack on a lady before
saving her.
He comes upon her the next day, and she has
vanished.
He is intrigued by the tales of similar disappearances,
so he investigates.
He came to believe that a man named Mahogany,
a butcher, was killing victims on the subway
for the last three years.
When Leon attempts to show the police his
photographs, Detective Hadley does not trust
him.
When Leon gets more deeply involved, his girlfriend
Maya becomes disturbed and suspicious.
In the final metro train of the night, Leon
witnesses a massacre.
There are numerous passengers that the butcher
murders and hooks up to meat hooks.
Leon collapses on the train after a struggle
with Mahogany.
The unfortunate individual wakes up in a slaughterhouse
the next morning with weird carvings cut into
his chest.
While Maya and her buddy Jurgis are concerned
about Leon's photographs of Mahogany, they
arrive at the killer's flat by investigating
Leon's pictures of Mahogany.
Following his successful break-in, Jurgis
is apprehended, however Maya succeeds in escaping
with records that document almost a century
of killings on the subway.
The cops find Hadley still doubtful, but she
nevertheless goes to them.
Maya refuses to return the schedules when
Hadley pressures her.
It's at gunpoint that Hadley tells Laury to
meet her at the station at midnight in order
to find Jurgis.
With several knives in hand, Leon travels
to a concealed underground entrance in the
slaughterhouse, where he prepares to face-off
against Gordan.
When Mahogany has completed his nightly slaughter
and has cornered Maya, he boards the train.
In amongst the swinging human flesh, Leon
faces off against the killer.
Human bodily parts are often damaged, and
are sometimes used as weapons.
Jurgis is hanged by his genitals on a meat
hook.
When he is gutted, he dies.
The train finally reaches its last destination,
a massive deserted station packed with decaying
corpses and their skulls.
Leon and Maya are told to step away from the
meat by the conductor.
After witnessing the slaughter of the passengers
by giant lizards, the purpose of the derelict
station is revealed: reptile monsters enter
the car and feed on the remains of the dead
passengers.
Leon and Maya dash inside the grotto as the
agent chases after them.
Mahogany, bruised, dares Leon to a fight to
the death.
Mahogany looks over at Leon as he impales
his broken femur through his throat and just
grins before dying, saying, 'Welcome!'
The conductor instructs Leon to feed the monsters
every night in order to prevent them from
harming people during the day.
He takes up Leon, and with the same unnatural
power he demonstrated while his former colleague,
the butcher, was still alive, he pulls out
Leon's tongue and consumes it.
As the conductor notices Leon has his eyes
on Maya, who is laying unconscious on a pile
of bones, he prompts him to react to Maya,
who has just been knocked out.
Leon must witness the surgeon cutting into
Maya's chest to extract her heart.
According to him, Leon is expected to fill
the role of the murdered butcher once he finishes
off the butcher.
After handing the train itinerary to the new
butcher, Detective Hadley holds out a ring
with the group's logo on it for the butcher
to see.
On the midnight train to New York, the killer
exposes himself as Leon.
If you like this movie, click the link in
the description below to watch it today.
I hope you have enjoyed this video.
Hit the like button and subscribe for more
videos.
Have a great day ahead.